Fix rate2amount error of 1000 when sampling inferred from cftime coord (#2357)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

v0.61.1 (unreleased)
--------------------
Contributors to this version: Pascal Bourgault (:user:`aulemahal`).

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^

> * Fix conversion error with ``xc.units.rate2amount`` and ``xc.units.amount2rate`` when ``sampling_rate_from_coord=True`` or sampling frequency is monthly or coarser and time coordinate is cftime-backed. Previous results were 1000x to small. (:pull:`2357`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix conversion error with ``xc.units.rate2amount`` and ``xc.units.amount2rate`` when ``sampling_rate_from_coord=True`` or sampling frequency is monthly or coarser and time coordinate is `cftime`-based. Previous results were 1000x too small. (:pull:`2357`).
```
